Disable `NUMBA_ENABLE_SYS_MONITORING` on python 3.14.4+ (#10547)
numba/numba: docs/upcoming_changes/10547.change.rst

Disable JIT ``sys.monitoring`` on Python 3.14.4 and later
---------------------------------------------------------

Python 3.14.4 changed interpreter internals Numba relied on for
``sys.monitoring`` (`#10538 <https://github.com/numba/numba/issues/10538>`_).

> The feature is off from 3.14.4 onward; ``NUMBA_ENABLE_SYS_MONITORING`` has no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is disabled from 3.14.4 onward; ``NUMBA_ENABLE_SYS_MONITORING`` has no
```

> effect and a ``UserWarning`` will be emitted when used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
effect and a ``UserWarning`` will be emitted if this variable is set to a non-zero value.
```
